Creepy recurring poem or song

Music themed tattoo by an artist collective

music tied to magic, Awful Machine made by an anti-magic faction generates sounds that prevent or corrupt attuning, and weaken ghosts

infiltrate a party (the party has a theme like animals or masks)

Snake

book with notes in the margins warning NOT TO READ IT!

a secluded cabin in a snowy place

an abbey (religious community) led by a Mother Superior

One shot for an isolated skov tribe breaking into a leviathan hunter ship to rescue one of their members

break-out

Volcano

Iruvian sand shark

Customs for the dead

Footprints of water or blood

"See anything you like? It's so rare the dead get to choose."

Mortician "Dr. Metzger"

"Heavy Medal" A score about a heist involving a soldier's medal, at an ammunitions factory

Music box

"Smoke & Mirrors" A score about a heist involving a magician's secrets, at a theater

Haunted Library

"Smartest man in the world - until you stroke his ego, then he's the same as all the rest."

Beautiful people in a creepy backwoods bar

Portals that only appear in certain places at certain times (tears)
Project clock: Finding the next location of a portal

A bird with "artistically" broken wings

Famous demon hunter "tall tales"

A path that you can't leave- you always end up back where you started

Pearls at first glance, but actually: Human teeth!

Creature w/ antlers - rebirth?

A room of clocks on the walls, all stopped at the same time

A room of mirrors, all shattered

A room of mirrors, all reflecting the same person

Puddle Jumper (name of a ship)

Tomas (person's name)

"Its gifts come with a price - and you won't know it's been paid until it's too late."

"At last, all will be made proper and good."

Easel covered by a sheet

Explod-y enemy

The Citadel (a city name)

A murder mystery in a steam punk city under siege

Other worlds and times like Norby

Banksy in Duskvol

Ley Lines

Money Handoff

A drug empire under an aristocrat's mansion

"People either survive in the jungle, or exist in a zoo."

"Now, to conclude our/this sordid little affair."

A cursory glance

Skeletons leading to a vault

The Cleaners (from Max Payne 2)
- Ruthless Hitmen with mysterious leadership

library

"Overcharged" Electrician who was scammed/tricked out of money/goods

Nightmare before ____ (Holiday)

Knight at the Museum

hags & harpies

Hester Plum

A Doll House

Shrinking as you go further down a hallway
or otherwise changing shape, color, etc. Hair growth?